When Python has a problem with your code,
it will tell you which line number it was working on when the problem happened.
In the case of this code,
the first problem shows up on line two.
Now by itself, this line of code looks just fine.
We saw lines of code just like this one before and they worked.
We were able to set turtles colors to be yellow,
or green, or whatever we like.
What's going on here? Why is this lineup problem now?
Well, normally, Python runs code from top to
bottom in the same way that you would carry out a series of instructions.
The computer runs line one first,
then line two and so on.
But, this means that the instructions have to be in the right order.
If they're in the wrong order,
the computer will probably get lost,
and that's what's happening here.
Take another look at these first three lines of this program.
The program tries to get a turtle named Melinda to do something on line two.
But, we don't actually say to create a turtle named Melinda until line three.
The program can't tell Melinda what to do if there isn't a turtle with that name yet.
The error message, name error,
will always mean that the code is referring to
a name that doesn't actually refer to any object yet.
The rest of the error message tells you exactly what name is
having the problem and what line in the code it occurs on.
So all we need to do to fix this error is to put these two lines into the correct order.
Once we do that, the code can start running,
at least until the next error happens.
Try it then see if you can fix that one too.